chore: prepare for 1.4.0 release (#117)
coreruleset/nextcloud-rule-exclusions-plugin: README.md

| Nextcloud Assistant                 |  Not supported ❌ |
| ownCloud Music                      |  Not supported ❌ |

## Tested Versions

> Nextcloud frequently releases new major versions with breaking changes and features and are likely to have false positives that haven't been discovered/resolved. It's recommended to wait until new feature releases been tested before upgrading to avoid false alarms. If you do upgrade to an untested version and encounter issues, then feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/coreruleset/nextcloud-rule-exclusions-plugin/issues/new) or pr.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nextcloud frequently releases new major versions with breaking changes and features that are likely to cause false positives that haven't been discovered/resolved. It's recommended to wait until new feature releases have been tested before upgrading to prevent functionality from being impaired by the plugin. If you do upgrade and encounter issues, please [open an issue](https://github.com/coreruleset/nextcloud-rule-exclusions-plugin/issues/new) or [PR](https://github.com/coreruleset/nextcloud-rule-exclusions-plugin/compare).
```
